Now you have to enter your mobile number here and click on the gate OTP.
Then an OTP will be sent to your mobile number here.
What to do with that OTP, put it in it.
As soon as we fill up the OTP, it will automatically redirect it and take it forward.
And here it is giving us the option to select our email id.
So whichever email id you want to make your 5paisa app with, what to do with that email id, you have to select it from here.
Here you can see the name of your email id. If your name is correct then it is fine. If your name is wrong then remove the name and enter the correct name.
By looking at your Aadhar card or PAN card. Then what you have to do is come down and see here.
Here is a small box, click on it and then click on fetch my PAN details.
Click on the number of your PAN card.
Enter your PAN card number.
As soon as you enter the number of your PAN card, the name will come automatically.
Whatever the name on the PAN card, it will come automatically.
And here you have to enter your date of birth by looking at the PAN card.
Then click on continue.
After that, whatever your address is, it will come automatically.
Here the full address is showing.
You have to click on the above address
Now here you have to link your bank account There are two options are given here One you can link by paying one rupee through UPI
Second, you can also link manually.
If you want to link manually, then you can click on it and link manually.
You have to do something very simple.
Here you have to select the UPI link through UPI.
And then click on the proceed option.
As soon as you click on it, all the UPI installed in your mobile will be licensed here.
You have to select anyone and pay a simple one rupee.
Your bank account will be directly linked.
As soon as you complete the payment, your bank account will be successfully added.
Then the next step will come.
What to do here, see, he is asking about disability.
So what you have to do is close it.
Click on close, it will be closed and this type of option will open and come.
Now it is asking you to select your gender, male or female.
It is asking about marital status.
If you are married, then select unmarried and click next.
Now it is asking you what work you do in the private sector.
Government service, professional, housewife,
any other work, student, retired, any business,
whatever you have, you can select from it.
Now it is asking you the source of income.
So whatever the source of income is, you can see that four categories are given here.
Salary comes income comes from salary income from business or rental income You guys select accordingly If there is other then look here on other select it You have to select other and click next After that you will be asked to select your annual income
There are many categories of annual income
If you have 1 lakh then select it and if you have more then select it
Then click on the box and click on submit option
Now click on the option of taking a selfie
but you have to pay attention to take a good selfie in the lighting and here it is telling that you do not wear glasses and cap,
take a simple straight selfie, as soon as you click on the selfie, you will upload it, see it directly, then your screen will be
like this, now what you have to do is you have to do signature here, okay, with the help of your finger, you will do the signature in the
way you do the signature, here you will draw the signature, after drawing the signature, you have to click on the option of save here,
Signature is simple, you have to do it with the help of your fingers.
The way you do your signature, do your signature in this way.
After doing your signature, if your signature is correct, then go and click on the step.
If the signature is wrong, then click on redraw, then this signature will be erased.
Now see the next step has been opened.
Now what we have to do is come straight down, do nothing, just click on continue.
Now this step is the final step see it has been written clearly that it is the final step We just have to complete the e and our account will open successfully
To complete the e-sign, click on the procedure to aadhar e-sign.
Then see here, your account form is visible, you do not have to do anything.
See here, there is a small procedure option below.
Click on it again
After that, you can see some details here
All the details you can cross check from here
I have everything right here
Click on it
Click on Sign Document
Now this option has been opened
Now simply here you have to select your language
You can select any language you want here
And here you can see
Click on the tick mark in this box.
After that, enter your Aadhar card number in this box.
Enter your Aadhar number here.
After entering your Aadhar number, click on Send OTP.
Then, the mobile number link in your Aadhar card,
an OTP has been sent to that number.
By entering that OTP in this box,
as soon as you click on Verify OTP,
our account will be successfully opened.
So, here you can see friends,
see here, this sign has been completed.
Now our account has successfully opened in it.
Now click on continue here and see the congratulations written here.
See here as soon as we click on the go to home page, we will be directly logged in.